Update docs on static image imports (#26211)
vercel/next.js: docs/basic-features/image-optimization.md

export default Home
```

## Image Imports

> You can `import` images that live in your project. When doing so `width`, `height`, and `blurDataURL` will be automatically provided to the image component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can `import` images that live in your project. (Note that `require` is not supported—only `import`.)

With direct `import`s, `width`, `height`, and `blurDataURL` will be automatically provided to the image component. Alt text is still needed separately.
```

export default Home
```

## Image Imports

You can `import` images that live in your project. (Note that `require` is not supported—only `import`.)

> With direct `import`s, `width`, `height`, and `blurDataURL` will be automatically provided to the image component. Alt text is still needed separately.

Reviewer 2: Let's call it "static imports" instead of "direct imports" (I don't think we use direct anywhere else)

Reviewer: Good flag!
```suggestion
With static `import`s, `width`, `height`, and `blurDataURL` will be automatically provided to the image component. Alt text is still needed separately.
```

```js
import Image from 'next/image'
import profilePic from '../public/me.png'

function Home() {
  return (
    <>
      <h1>My Homepage</h1>
      <Image
        src={profilePic}
        alt="Picture of the author"
        // width={500} automatically provided
        // height={500} automatically provided
        // blurDataURL="data:..." automatically provided
        // Optionally allows to add a blurred version of the image while loading
        // placeholder="blur"
      />
      <p>Welcome to my homepage!</p>
    </>
  )
}
```

> For dynamic images you have to provide `width`, `height` and `blurDataURL` manually.

Reviewer 2: This could be more clear if you define "dynamic image" which really means "src is a string"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For images where you’re passing a URL to `src`, you have to provide `width`, `height` and `blurDataURL` manually.
```
